Add doc for CDI backend crashes with OOM when HTTP server doesn't support range requests (#889)
harvester/docs: versioned_docs/version-v1.5/image/upload-image.md

:::

::: caution

> When using 3rd-party storage classes with download URLs hosted on HTTP servers that don't support Range requests (e.g., Python's `http.server`), Harvester may encounter memory issues with large image files. Use nginx or Apache for reliable downloads. This issue has been fixed in v1.6.1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Large image files may cause memory issues in Harvester when you use third-party StorageClasses with download URLs that are hosted on servers that do not support HTTP range requests (for example, Python's `http.server`). For reliable downloads, use NGINX or Apache instead.

This issue is fixed in v1.6.1.
```
